feat(style guide): Added a note about GitHub permissions (#6855)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/style-guide/writing-docs/writer-workflow/tech-writer-workflow.mdx

3. Click on **New Branch**
4. You will be prompted to name your new branch. Descriptive names are best. It's a great way to quickly clue people in to what your work is all about. For example, if you are working on What’s New pages, you might name the branch **Whats-new-updates**.

> When you create a new branch, don't forget to add the Jira ticket's key (DOC-1234) to the branch name and the PR title.

Reviewer: Earlier in this doc, this is referred to as "Jira issue ID" which seems more clear to me than "key." Whichever you decide to use, please be consistent :-)

> When you create a new branch, don't forget to add the Jira ticket's key (DOC-1234) to the branch name and the PR title.

Author: ```suggestion
When you create a new branch, don't forget to add the Jira issue ID (DOC-1234) to the branch name and the PR title.
```

> ## A note about GitHub permissions [#permissions]

Reviewer 2: @paperclypse, I'm not really sure what problem this new section solves. If I'm a writer, how would I use this information about repository access?

Author: This is just meant to explain how GitHub permissions are currently set up for our repository. A couple of people expressed confusion about this so I thought I'd try to clarify that.

Reviewer 2: @paperclypse since we're not telling writers which levers to pull in this area, I'm not sure it's going to be reassuring. Maybe we need to be more specific about when we might ever need to go in here and make changes?

> Writers on the Docs team work in branches, but contributors outside of the Docs team use forks. This also means that non-Docs contributors can't edit content on a branch directly, which can make collaboration tricky.

Reviewer 2: @paperclypse, I agree that collaboration is tricky, but this section isn't really solving for that, right? We have another pending PR for a separate doc about how to collaborate in forks (6686). Perhaps we'll need to link to that when it's ready?

Author: No, this is just to try and clarify how we've set up our GitHub permissions so that people understand the current set up. Happy to link to that other doc when it's ready.

GitHub permissions are used to determine who can work on a branch and who can work on a fork. On GitHub, access is determined by team and member roles. Although anyone can contribute to our public repository, additional access is granted through `Write` and `Admin` roles. (There are other defined roles that aren't often used.)

> Every member of the Docs team is granted the `Admin` role, which grants full access to the repository. Other New relic contributors are given the `Write` role, which permits assigning users and opening and closing pull requests.

Reviewer 2: @paperclypse, how might I use these permission as a writer? Should I be changing them?

Author: That's a conversation we should certainly have! But it's tough to have that conversation if people don't understand what the current set up is.

> To review the current access settings, go to the `docs-website` repo, then go to **Settings > Collaborators and teams** or **Team and member roles**.

Reviewer 2: @paperclypse, what do these access pages do? I'm not seeing all the users who have contributed listed in here. I see that there are some groups, but they don't seem to include the many contributors to our site. Is there some other mechanism that controls access, such as being a part of the new Relic organization? Why are there just a handful in individual contributors here?

Author: You can contribute to our repo without being a member of the repository. Any specific individual listed has been added either programmatically or manually by someone.

This is separate from being a member of the New Relic GitHub Enterprise organization. Any user account can be granted a special role in our repo.

Reviewer 2: @paperclypse, I have a secondary GitHub account for testing, and it mimics external users. So, I wouldn't expect to see that user name in the list. What's interesting is that the few who are in here seem to be internal contributors who maybe needed special permissions?
